Barack Obama is the 44th President of the United States who won the Nobel Peace Prize in 2009.
George Bush is a Harvard graduate and was a college cheerleader before claiming presidency.
Abraham Lincoln was president and leader of the United States during the bloody civil war. 
Nuclear Test Ban Treaty, Space Race and the Peace Corps were some of the many advancements during the presidency of John F. Kennedy
Harry S Truman was the 33rd president in charge of approving the atomic bombings of Hiroshima and Nagasaki. 
Ronald Reagan was also a asports commentator and an actor before was president. 
Bill Clinton got his Juris Doctorate degree from Yale Law School. 
Franklin D. Roosevelt has won a record of four back-to-back elections serving as president from 1933 to 1945. 
Dwight Eisenhower was a five-star general in the US army and served as Supreme Commander of the Allied Forces in Europe. 
Goerge Washington was the first president of the United States. 
Tiger Woods is one of the most successful golfers of all time and one of the highest paid athletes. 
Roger Federer is a Swiss tennis player who currently holds the world record for 17 Grand Slam championship titles. 
Rafael Nadal is nickanemd "The King of Clay" due to his dominance in the game of tennis on clay courts. 
Lebron James is nicknamed "King James" because he is simply the definition of domination in the modern era of basketball. 
Kevin Durant is one of the most prolific scorers and an excellent small forwards in the game of basketball. 
Sachin Tendulkar has a total of 100 centuries in both ODI and Test series combined. 
Ricky Ponting is one the finest Australian batsman who served as captain to two world-cup championships.
Cristiano Ronaldo is a Portuguese football player who also plays for the club Real Madrid. 
Lionel Messi is an Argentinian football player who won the FIFA Ballon d'OR 4 times consecutively.
Lamborghini is currently owned by the Volkswagen Group but was founded Feruccio Lamborghini as Ferrari's competitor
Enzo Ferrari fuonded Ferrari which designs some of hte most powerful race cars of all teims. 
Maserati is an Italian car company that builds luxuiours spors car especially the GranTurismo. 
Nissan GT-R has one of the fastest 0-60mph record of a near 2 seconds. 
Lexus is hte luxurious division of the Japanese car brand Toyota.
McLaren announced that they will be using Honda engines instead of Mercedes=Benz starting from 2013. 
Porsche models include Bosxter, Cayman, Carrera, Panamera, Targa, 911, Cayenne, Macan and the 918 Spyder. 
Ironman owns and Audi R8 which is known to have one of the fastest acceleration times behind Nissan GT-R.
Bentley is a company founded in 1919 that produces largely hand-built cars.
Mercedes-Benz is a German automobile company renowned as one of the most prestigious luxury car companies in the world. 
Nike is the world's leading supplier of athletic shoes, apparels and equipments
Larry Ellison is the co-founder and first CEO of Oracle which is now the second largest software marker in the world next to Microsoft.
Apple was founded by Steve Jobs and Steve Wozniak which is the 2nd largest IT company after Samsung.
Oakley began from a $300 investment by James Jannard at his garage. 
Facebook is the center of social networking founded by Mark Zuckerberg while sitting at his dormitorium in Harvard. 
Samsung Headquarters is located in Samsung Town in the capital of North Korea known as Seoul.
The PlayStation systems as well as all the HD Sony Bravia televisions are worthwhile innovations by Sony. 
Sergey Brin and Larry Page founded Google while earning their doctorates in Stanford University with Sundar Pichai serving as current CEO.
JP Morgan Chase Bank is headquartered in Chicago with 5100 branches and 16000 ATMs worldwide. 
James Naismith invented basketball and it was originally played in peach baskets. 
Baseball is a bat-and-ball game similar to cricket with 9 players instead of 11 for each team. 
Football is often referred to as soccer in the Latin Americas due to confusion with American which is a sport similar to rugby. 
Rugby is a type of football game which is traced back tot he practices of Ancient Greeks & Romans. 
Tennis comes in two forms: lawn tennis and table tennis
Kabaddi is the national sport of Bangladesh. 
Lacrosse is a contact team sport often known as a rought contact game.
Hockey comes in two forms: field hockey and ice hockey
Cheerleading is just dancing which is said to be a sport my most females who are cheerleaders. 
English is the primary language of US was the first spoken in early medieval England. 